plugin/rewrite: Support min and max TTL values (#5508)
miekg/coredns: plugin/rewrite/README.md

An omitted type is defaulted to `exact`.

```

> rewrite [continue|stop] ttl [exact|prefix|suffix|substring|regex] STRING [SECONDS|minSECONDS-maxSECONDS]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rewrite [continue|stop] ttl [exact|prefix|suffix|substring|regex] STRING [SECONDS|MIN-MAX]
```

```

It is possible to supply a range of TTL values in the `SECONDS` parameters instead of a single value.

> If a range is supplied, the TTL value is increased to the configured minimum value if it is below,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a range is supplied, the TTL value is set to `MIN` if it is below,
```

> or decreased to the configured maximum value if it is above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or set to MAX if it is above.
```

rewrite [continue|stop] ttl [exact|prefix|suffix|substring|regex] STRING SECONDS
```

> It is possible to supply a range of TTL values in the `SECONDS` parameters instead of a single value.

Reviewer: The Syntax section also needs to be updated to reflect the new syntax.
